Adding guidance for referencing man pages (#288)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/style_guidelines/formatting.adoc

When the format _day Month year_ causes a presentation or clarity issue, use _Month day, year_ (for example, October 3, 2019) instead.

[[man-pages]]
== Man page references

> When referencing a man page, use the following format: `<name_of_utility>(<section_number>)` man page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When referencing a man page, use the following format: _`<name_of_utility>(<section_number>)` man page_.
```
Italicize the template text to make it clear what is part of the template and what isn't. This formatting is used for date formats.

Author: Thanks, updated!

Author: Actually one sec, that messed up the backtick formatting.

Author: Okay, updated

When the format _day Month year_ causes a presentation or clarity issue, use _Month day, year_ (for example, October 3, 2019) instead.

[[man-pages]]
== Man page references

> When referencing a man page in an additional resources section, use the following format: `_<man_page_name>(<section_number>)_` _man page on your system_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When referencing a man page in an "Additional resources" section, use the following format: 
* `_<man_page_name>(<section_number>)_` man page on your system
```

Author: No sorry, I missed this suggestion! I agree that this looks better, will update.

> When referencing a man page in an additional resources section, use the following format: `_<name_of_utility>(<section_number>)_` _man page on your system_.

Reviewer 2: 1. Should we highlight "Additional resources" in some way?
2. Would the text be easier to read if the format was on a new line?

Reviewer 3: 1. Technical nitpick: `<name_of_utility>` is only correct for section 8 and 1. There are also man pages for config files `NetworkManager.conf(5)`, system calls `exit(2)`, libraries `exit(3)`, and others . I would recommend `<man_page_name>(<section_number>)`
2. Is there a special reason for italic on "man page on your system"? The [ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=references-citations#general-guidelines) does not use italic for qualifiers (`For more information, see the _DQTI_ book.`)

Reviewer 3: @libander I don't understand your comment. How is the `man` man page content you posted relevant for the proposed change in the SSG?

Reviewer 4: > 1. Technical nitpick: `<name_of_utility>` is only correct for section 8 and 1. There are also man pages for config files `NetworkManager.conf(5)`, system calls `exit(2)`, libraries `exit(3)`, and others . I would recommend `<man_page_name>(<section_number>)`

Likewise, given that the man pages themselves classify the pages: 
> Each page argument given to man is normally the name of a program, utility or function.

I'd consider changing line 16's: 
`to view the information for the named command or utility.` 
to: 
`to view the information for the program, utility or function.`

> Do not link to a website containing the man page information. Users run the `man` command on their system to view the information for the named command or utility.

Reviewer 2: Should we explain that the man-page content can vary from one system to another, and the user must run the `man` command on the system where the named command will be run, to ensure that they see the relevant system-specific information?

Reviewer 2: I meant that I think it's useful to explain _why_ we're including the text "on your system" in the examples.

Reviewer 3: If it's about adding the why to SSG (not to the actual entries), I agree that it would be helpful.

Reviewer 4: If we're adding the why to the SSG, it is important to note that the content of man files is determined not by OS version, but by kernel version. You can have multiple kernel versions across the life of an OS Version.

Reviewer 3: @libander what do you mean with "the content of man files is determined not by OS version, but by kernel version"?

Man pages are shipped with the RPMs of tools, services, etc. they belong to. For example, `find(1)` is provided by the `findutils` RPM, and `rsync(1)` by the `rsync` package. If you update one of these packages, then the man pages are also updated (but the man page content only changes if the new RPM also contains a different man page). Anyway, man pages don't change if you boot a different kernel.

None of the kernel packages (`kernel`, `kernel-core`, `kernel-modules`, `kernel-modules-extra`, `kernel-modules-core`) contains a man page. I don't know if there are other packages than `kernel*` that can be installed at the same time in different versions, but if such packages contain man pages, then the old man pages are replaced by the new ones because the files use the same paths to the man page files. If you check, for example, `/usr/share/man/man1/` you see that there's only one man page for each tool.

In case that you meant something else, can you please explain it further?

Reviewer 4: > In case that you meant something else, can you please explain it further?

You're right, many packages come with their own man-page included. The [`man-pages.rpm`](https://access.redhat.com/downloads/content/rhel---9/x86_64/11051/man-pages/6.04-1.el9/src/fd431d51/package) provides man-pages for [GNU/Linux](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/docs/man-pages/man-pages.git/about/) system and library calls, etc. 

> adding the why to SSG (not to the actual entries)

It was with this context in mind I was suggesting that we be slightly more specific than 'vary by system'  -- 'vary by package or kernel version' would be less mysterious. :)

> Do not link to a website containing the man page information. The contents of a man page may vary between systems or package versions, so users must run the `man` command on their system to view the most accurate information for the named command or utility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not link to a website that contains the man page information. 
The contents of a man page might vary between systems or package versions, so users must run the `man` command on the target system to view the system-specific information for the named command or utility.
```

Author: Thanks! I used your wording suggestions, but kept them on the same line (because the info about users having to run the `man` command on their system is a reason for why we say not to link to man page websites)

Reviewer 2: Putting them on separate lines was just to make it easier to review (each sentence on a separate line) -- it didn't affect the output, the two sentences were still in the same paragraph. But it was a tiny suggestion, no problem at all for not implementing it :)

Author: Gotcha - yeah I normally don't write my sentences that way like I know some people do :)

When the format _day Month year_ causes a presentation or clarity issue, use _Month day, year_ (for example, October 3, 2019) instead.

[[man-pages]]
== Man page references

When referencing a man page in an "Additional resources" section, use the following format:

> * `_<man_page_name>(<section_number>)_` _man page on your system_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `_<man_page_name>_(_<section_number>_)` man page on your system
```
The text "man page on your system" should not be in italics.  It's confusing when it's in italics, because it seems as if it should be replaced by something else, when in fact it should be reproduced verbatim.

The parentheses shouldn't be in italics either, but that's not as bothersome :)

Author: Thanks, updated!
